# Ocarina of Time Reimagined
Hyrule's vast lands encompass many peoples, cultures, and activities that we only get to see on a surface level during our brief time visiting that world in the video game released by Nintendo. The fond memories cherished by those who have bested the challenges that game presented to us are embossed into our minds, a permanent marker of the journey we took.

This reimagining sees the lands of Hyrule without a Hero of Time. The story of Ocarina of Time where there is no Link to oppose Ganondorf. We will explore locales and dungeons, both familiar and new, meet and mingle amongst the people and their cultures much more in-depth than before, and take on the challenges of the Hero of Time without our preordained victory.

There will be modifications to the world of Ocarina of Time so even hardened veterans may find themselves rediscovering lore and details that have a new spin on them. The world will be fleshed out with help from the extended pages of the Hyrule Historia, interviews with the creators, and other source materials that were not available when the original game was released. Though the story will unfold similar to the story found in Ocarina of Time, you'll find that the journey through that story may wind differently.

In some areas, it will vary only by a bit: maybe an additional field area here or a new NPC there. Maybe some extra dialogue to flesh out a specific character's motivations or better define their place in the story. In other areas, the changes may be more significant and may have only an easter egg's level of similarity to the source material. This is the result of attempting to translate a video game's mechanics and narrative into a tabletop game that doesn't feel like a direct translation that's too "gamey". I hope this will still be an exciting adventure for all of the players!

As players, you will choose between *Hylian*, *Deku*, *Goron*, *Zora*, and *Gerudo* children. The adventure will still begin in the **Kokiri Forest**, although the mechanics of the magic in these woods work a little differently. Children from all races live within the Kokiri Forest, many as refugees from the Hylian Civil War. These children, collectively, are known as the *Kokiri*.  Long-term exposure to the Great Deku Tree's magic, however, will eventually turn the Kokiri into *Koroks*, who in turn will eventually become rooted and grow into one of the many guardian trees of the Lost Woods.

At the start of your adventure, you may not have many resources, but you have the comradarie of each other and in your party's specific case, a call to action that will propel you into the journey ahead.

There will be race-specific information in the *Character Creation* channel, as well as in the virtual tabletop itself. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out!  This entire thing is still in the works and a little ways off, but I am excited to announce this project with anyone interested!