**1. The Entrance Corridor**
> A long hallway stretches as far as you can see into the distance, a long, red, serpentine body painted into the floor that weaves back and forth between the walls. A short way into the entrance, on the western wall, is a small chest embedded into the brick with some kind of writing above it. There appear to be a couple of acolytes sitting on either side of the hall, their backs to the wall. Neither appear to be moving.

If investigated the treasure chest can be described:
> The chest itself is mostly plain looking, its front unlocked. Above it is written something distinctly in Draconic.
> In Draconic, the text reads: "For me a value so great -- for those whom part with it may pass inside. Be it not glitter, for such is of meager measure. A part of the soul must be contained therein, and its loss a greater weight than the stones of Bluemist."

The players must give an item to the chest of great personal value, though gold will not suffice. If the chest deems the item worthy, it locks and evaporates away, revealing the way inside to Room 2.

Further down the hallway, the party can find two other 'doors'.
> At the far end of the hall, you find a large green impish face carved into the wall. Its mouth forces from it a great wind that blows north, and as you step closer it becomes nearly impossible to stand, much less get close enough to touch it. Just to the east of this face is an open archway that leads to a room that emanates a thick white mist. It is impossible to see beyond the doorway as the mist is too great.

The impish face is tied to a later room in the dungeon, and will throw the players back into this hallway if they fall into that trap, dealing 2d6 falling damage from the force. Attempting to push through the imp face reveals a simple stone wall in the back of its mouth, though it does emanate magical energy. Dispelling the imp face simply dispels the teleporting magic tied to it throughout the dungeon.

The misty room acts as an immediate teleport upon entering, sending the player to a room of only four walls, each one covered in levers. The levers themselves do nothing, but can be used to climb by passing a Dexterity (Athletics) check .  Successfully climbing out of the room allows the player to push through a false floor tile back at the entrance of the dungeon.