Description:
> You enter intoa large room with several pillars each 10 feet apart. The room expands over 100ft across. On the northern side, through the pillars, you can see three doors -- a wooden one in the center and metal ones on either side. To the south, you can see what appears to be a throne of sorts elevated above the main floor on a dais.

Tome Text:
> The staff and crown of the Kings of Old are the key. Take the position of power and wield the vestments wisely. Only then can the way be revealed.

This is a tricky one. On the throne are a crown and scepter. One hero must don the crown and wield the scepter, then sit upon the throne. While seated, they must touch the gold half of the scepter to the crown's gold. This will trigger a series of visions to the wearer, revealing the information at the end of this section.

If the hero touches the silver part of the scepter to the crown, they take 2d4 Intelligence damage that must either be recovered by a cleric or restored 1 point per long rest. Doing this results in the silver part of the scepter to crack and fall apart, leaving only the golden portion behind.

The Vision:
> You immediately see a flash of bright white light -- then find yourself on your knees, in the riddled remains of a smoldering building.  You feel shallow and cold despite the embers still being fresh about you. Each direction you look is more ash, more embers, more bodies. You first try to wipe away the blackened soot from your arms, but when it appears fruitless, you lean foward and remain on all fours as your breathing becomes shallower, your vision becomes narrower, and you feel a scream escape you, but there is no sound.
> A shadow overcasts you, though you don't bother to look up. You can see the figure rest on one knee in front of you, laying one hand on your shoulder softly. The other then quickly slides a blade under your ribcage. It burns intensely as the blade slides back out, and the charred ground is stained heavily with blood. Your vision begins to wane as you cry out, the silence now louder than ever before. Several more figures appear around you and you can feel the steel piercing different parts of your body. You cannot hear it, but you can feel their satisfied laughter.  As the world grows darker and darker, you think only one thing: *Denathrius*.

The players do not know this yet, but *Ciphel* has long-since lost his magical power. He was originally a Warlock of Bahadur, but the Black Dragon Lord has been slain by the kingdom of Kastron in a secret war. When Bahadur was slain, *Ciphel* went into hiding, and was accepted into a small rural community west of *Orthanc*. However, Kastron continued to weed black dragons out of its territory, and when rumor came that a black dragon was hiding out, Kastron decided to burn the entire village to the ground, knowing that either a dragon would oust itself or be the only remaining person.