The tome text for this room:
>The shadow of one's self calls to you in the reflection, and locked away you shall be. From inside there are no screams, but with will a strike against the imposter can be made. The shattering of shadow will lead further within.

Once the players have made it past the chest door, they are led to a room with a series of mirrors that must be passed in order to proceed. Each mirror captures the image of a single character. This is determined by a Wisdom check roll made by the party each time a new mirror is viewed. The user with the lowest roll is captured by the mirror, their place in the Material Plane swapped with a Mirrorbody.
> You enter a tall room with a door and mirror to the south-east. The walls and floor of this room are faintly stained with black marks that look much like blood-splatter. The mirror is shimmers brilliantly with not a speck of dust on its surface. The room is lined with several sconces. One of them is lit with a green flame, though none of them have any kindling.

Whichever play is swapped with the Mirrorbody creature cannot directly interact with the party. They can, however, attack the mirror from the other side if they successfully make a Wisdom save to overpower the crushing force inside the mirror dimension. The mirror has a toughness of 5 and health matching the Mirrorbody, who in turn is an exact replica of the player it copied, though it cannot use their magical items.

Defeating each of the Intelligence (Investigation) or Insight (Wisdom) check DC 15 will deduce which hero has been captured by the mirror. If no players succeed on the check, Initiative is rolled, but the heroes are Suprised on the first round. On a successful check, Initiative is rolled and there is no Surprised creature.

Players must defeat several Mirrorbody creatures, each one's death lighting another sconce, until the mirrors shatter, revealing a hallway that the players can enter by walking through the final mirror.