> You step through the warped surface of the mirror and enter a long hall, each side decorated with swirling portals of varying color. The walls are lined with brightly glowing torches that illuminate the hall all the way to its southern-most end, where a doorway pours a thick mist into the room.

Most of the portals either lead nowhere, or have a wide range of effects when interacted with. The book obtained from the Acolyte in the Entrance Hall has a passage related to this room that can be inspected by the players.

> Through the reflection you'll find the hall of magicks -- the heart of each colored by the earthly stone used in its make. While the warmth of Honey will lead you to a trove of small gift, it is the call of void that will grant you access further within. All others give and take, though listen carefully to the tune of garnet and grasp luck that it is treasure that calls you and not the reaping arms of death.

For most portals, simply roll using the table below to determine its effect. A few special portals have other effects that are outlined below.

The honey-yellow portal in the northern part of the room can simply be stepped through, leading to a room with boxes affixed to the ground, though contained within them are a replenishing supply of foodstuffs and general items, such as rope. The players can use this room to restock on non-magical items that cost less than 15gp combined, though no weapons or armor will spawn in.

The garnet red portal in the south-western part of the hallway will hum the song of a siren, and any listening heroes must make a Wisdom saving throw DC 12 to avoid being enticed to step into the portal. Doing so will cause the player to take 2d6 slam damage, as an unknown entity throws the hero backward into the wall opposite the portal. The other garnet red portal will sound like a waterfall of coins. Stepping through that portal will lead to Room 4, which is ultimately a dead-end.

The final portal is actually a black disk that does not emanate anything nor call attention to the players. Braving the hole and squeezing through causes the player to drop roughly 8 feet down in a crevice just a bit wider than the respective player's shoulders. This drop then results in a tunnel that loops under the portal hall and leads to Room 5.


**Portal Table**
*2d6*			*Result*
2					The player feels a hand caress their own softly,
						leaving a Potion of Healing in their hand. The portal then fades and closes.
						
3-6					The player takes 1d8 fire damage as the portal engulfs
						them in flame before spitting them back out into
						the hallway. The portal then fades and closes.
						
7-9					The portal feels like a wall and doesn't allow the hero
						to step through, but does spawn 2d4 kobolds before
						fading and closing.
						
10-11				The portal teleports the hero that interacts with it
						back to the entrance as they step through the
						misty doorway on the southern end of the hall. A
						quick check of their pockets and they will find 2d6x10
						gold missing from their coffers.
						
12						The player is overcome with a deep cold feeling as 
						the portal fades and closes. If the hero cannot find
						warm clothing or a blanket they begin to freeze. Any
						fire-based damage or effect will negate this effect. If
						the hero does not deal with this issue within the hour, they become completely frozen and must have the effect Dispelled, though they are not dead.