> You come into a room with three chests laid in its center: one wooden, once silver, and one gold. Each rests on a small podium that comes up from the floor by 3 feet.

The tome text for this room:
> Chosen is one, and the others will slumber. Each a beast with its maw tightly bound by great will. The one awakened will submit but envy is great -- and in the others only darkness and hate. The walls have sealed and time now to choose, for only with a chest in tow may you pass through the stone to the east.

Each chest contains different objects, though when one is chosen and opened, the others react. All three chests are Mimics, though the chosen one will become docile towards the heroes. The other two will swallow their treasures and then attack the players. If the players have a mimic following them, a false wall to the east reveals itself, leading to a tunnel, which leads back to the entrance hallway.

The Wooden Chest is embossed with a carving of alchemy bottles, each varnished to appear to have a variety of colors and textures. This chest contains 10 potions: 5x Potions of Greater Healing, 2x Potions of Fire Resistance, 2x Potions of Giant Strength, and 1x Potion of Invisibility.

The Silver Chest is embossed with an image of the treasure chest in the Entrance Hall, and simply contains the item that the players gave up in that hallway.

The Gold Chest is embossed with the image of coins and jewelry and contained within is 1500GP and 2500GP worth of gems, though the it all turns into rocks once the party leaves the dungeon.